Please help me write a cover-letter, Here is a sample, correct base on it and make up it:[date]    From: Austing Dong    To: [company name]    Dear Hiring Manager,    I am writing to express my strong interest in applying for the position of [job] at [company]. As a University of Waterloo Computer Science undergraduate     student, I strongly believe that my technical competencies and academic background are     closely in line with the job requirement. I would like to highlight the following for your     consideration:    I loved computer science as well as developing applications since Middle school when I earned     the gold rank for the USA Computing Olympiad algorithm contest, and I did an excellent job in     relevant courses in the beginning of my University studies. I found solving business challenges     through programming is fascinating because this is the way I feel the sense of accomplishment.     Such deep interest in programming and technology has motivated me to deep dive in related     fields such as software development, quality assurance and machine learning.    The computer science co-op program at the University of Waterloo offered me a unique     opportunity to take on both programing and logical courses. Through working on a massive     number of technical projects and assignments from hackathons and school activities, I gained     hands on experience in fields including but not limited to object-oriented programming, web     application development, artificial intelligence, algorithm design and data abstraction. Such     projects can be viewed on my GitHub: AustingDong (Austing Dong) (github.com). One of the     biggest project I led and built was implementing an application that uses AI to extract keywords     from articles containing scientific or technical information which helps users quickly locate their     desired items based on keywords¡¯ weight. This application can be used to quickly get all the     important items and keywords from NASA Technical Report Server which includes hundreds of     thousands of items containing scientific and technical information (STI) created or funded by     NASA. Project detail can be found here. Through understanding the project requirements,     researching on coding algorithms, implementing the application with clean code, and     incorporating white and black testing in a limited time, I cultivated working experience in     developing a technical application in accordance with business requirements. Moreover, I¡¯m     honed excellent documentation and communication skills through interpreting and explaining     technical concepts to my teammates while working in a team environment. I can confident that     my academic and project background has prepared me well, and now is the time I can make     valuable contributions to a workplace environment.    I am extremely interested in advancing my career and contributing my skills to [company name].I am     willing to answer any preliminary questions you may have. Please feel free to contact me at     austingdong@gmail.com or 1-226-789-9109 if you have any question or require additional     information.    Thank you for your valuable time and consideration.    Sincerely,    Austing Dong